#207 Implementation Guidance for all concepts (#232)
ga4gh/cat-vrs: docs/source/concepts/Constraints/DefiningLocationConstraint.rst

Implementation Guidance
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

This Constraint is used to describe a Categorical Variant using a VRS :ref:`Sequence Location <SequenceLocation>` object, such as defining a specific exon or genomic segment.

location
########

The *location* attribute is required and must be a valid VRS :ref:`Sequence Location <SequenceLocation>`.

.. include:: ../../_includes/_guidance_generate_sequence_location_text.rst

.. include:: ../../_includes/_guidance_generate_sequence_location_box.rst

relations
#########

The *relations* attribute is optional and is a :ref:`MappableConcept`, meaning that it should be
represented using a term from a defined ontology. Relation terms describe how *members* of a :ref:`Categorical Variant <CategoricalVariant>` relate to the Defining :ref:`Sequence Location <SequenceLocation>`.

> .. note:: *relations* **are not** definitional and thus do not alter the scope of the Categorical Variant's definition. In other words, they do not restrict or expand which variants satisfy the Categorical Variant's constraints. However, they **are** definitional for some :ref:`Recipes <Recipes>`.

Reviewer: I don't think I understand this note. What does it mean for them to be definition for Recipes but not the Categorical Variant?

The following relation terms are some to consider using with this Constraint:

.. include:: ../../_includes/_guidance_ga4gh_gks_term_warning.rst

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 35 65

   * - :ref:`Coding <Coding>`
     - How the ``member`` relates to the Categorical Variant
   * - ga4gh-gks-term:self
     - Use when the ``member`` is the Defining ``Sequence Location`` itself.

>    * - ga4gh-gks-term:liftover_of

Reviewer: Very in-the-weeds, but is this the code or code + system?

     - Use when the ``member`` is the "same" genomic Sequence Location, as represented on another reference genome.
   * - ga4gh-gks-term:projection_of

>      - Use when the ``member`` is the "same" RNA (pre-mRNA), mRNA, or protein Sequence Location, as represented on another transcript or protein isoform.

Reviewer 2: Maybe? If so, then would need to update it in other places where we use "same"
```suggestion
  * - ga4gh-gks-term:liftover_of
    - Use when the ``member`` represents the equivalent genomic Sequence Location on another reference genome.
  * - ga4gh-gks-term:projection_of
    - Use when the ``member`` represents the equivalent RNA (pre-mRNA), mRNA, or protein Sequence Location on another transcript or protein isoform.
```
